<?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<style type="">

h1 {
    text-align: center;
}

.wrapper {
    /*display: flex;*/
    overflow: auto;
    width: 90%;
}

/* Checkboxes */
.box1 {
    background-color: transparent;
    color: black;
    padding: 10px;
    /*margin: 5px;*/
    float: left;
    width: 10%;

}
/* Annotation */
.box2 {
    background-color: transparent;
    overflow: auto;
    /*position: absolute;*/
    /*color: black;*/
    /*float: right;*/
    padding: 10px;
    /*width: 90%;*/
    /*width: auto;*/
    /*height: 100%;*/
}

/* Center the loader */
#loader {
  position: absolute;
  left: 50%;
  top: 50%;
  z-index: 1;
  width: 100px;
  height: 100px;
  margin: -75px 0 0 -75px;
  border: 16px solid #f3f3f3;
  border-radius: 50%;
  border-top: 16px solid #3498db;
  -webkit-animation: spin 0.5s linear infinite;
  animation: spin 0.5s linear infinite;
}

@-webkit-keyframes spin {
  0% { -webkit-transform: rotate(0deg); }
  100% { -webkit-transform: rotate(360deg); }
}

@keyframes spin {
  0% { transform: rotate(0deg); }
  100% { transform: rotate(360deg); }
}

</style>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/Users/apple/ba_visualization/brat/brat-v1.3_Crunchy_Frog/style-vis.css"/>
<title>
   Annotation
</title>

    
</head>
<body onload="myFunction()" style="margin:0;">
<h1>Visualization of Coherence Relations with brat</h1>

<div class="wrapper">
    <div class="box1">
      <h2>Types</h2>
        <label>
            <!--<script type="javascript"> document.getElementById("one").innerHTML = types[0]; </script>-->
            <input id="explicit" class="container" type="checkbox" onclick="myFunction2(this.parentNode.id)"> </input>
            <span class="checkmark">Explicit</span>
        </label>
        <p> </p>
        <label>
            <input id="implicit" class="container" type="checkbox"> </input>
            <span class="checkmark">Implicit</span>
        </label>

        <h2>Senses</h2>
        <label>
            <!--<script type="javascript"> document.getElementById("temporal").innerHTML = senses[0]; </script>-->
            <input id="temporal" class="container" type="checkbox"> </input>
            <span class="checkmark">Temporal</span>

        </label>
        <p> </p>
        <label>
            <input id="contingency" class="container" type="checkbox" onclick="myFunction2(id)"> </input>
            <span class="checkmark">Contingency</span>
        </label>
        <p> </p>
        <label>
            <input id="comparison" class="container" type="checkbox"> </input>
            <span class="checkmark">Comparison</span>

        </label>
        <p> </p>
        <label>
            <input id="expansion" class="container" type="checkbox"> </input>
            <span class="checkmark">Expansion</span>
        </label>

    </div>

    <div id="loader"></div>
    <div style="display:none;" id="myDiv" class="animate-bottom">
        <div id="anno" class="box2"> </div>
    </div>
    </div>

<!--Script Part-->
<script type="text/javascript" src="js/head.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/Users/apple/brat-v1.3_Crunchy_Frog/client/lib/head.load.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/jquery-1.2.6.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/jquery-ui-personalized-1.5.2.packed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/sprinkle.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/node.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="converted-2.json"></script>
<script type="javascript" src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.9.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script type="javascript" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/deep-diff@1/dist/deep-diff.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">


var bratLocation = '/Users/apple/brat-v1.3_Crunchy_Frog';

head.js(
    // External libraries
    bratLocation + '/client/lib/jquery.min.js',
    bratLocation + '/client/lib/jquery.svg.min.js',
    bratLocation + '/client/lib/jquery.svgdom.min.js',

    // brat helper modules
    bratLocation + '/client/src/configuration.js',
    bratLocation + '/client/src/util.js',
    bratLocation + '/client/src/annotation_log.js',
    bratLocation + '/client/lib/webfont.js',

    // brat modules
    bratLocation + '/client/src/dispatcher.js',
    bratLocation + '/client/src/url_monitor.js',
    bratLocation + '/client/src/visualizer.js'
);

var webFontURLs = [
    bratLocation + '/static/fonts/Astloch-Bold.ttf',
    bratLocation + '/static/fonts/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf',
    bratLocation + '/static/fonts/Liberation_Sans-Regular.ttf'
];

head.ready(function() {
    Util.embed(
        // id of the div element where brat should embed the visualisations
        'anno',
        // object containing collection data
        collData,
        // object containing document data
        docData,
        // Array containing locations of the visualisation fonts
        webFontURLs
        );
});

// Stable, doesn't need to be changed from outside
var collData = {
    entity_types: [ {
            type   : 'Arg1',
            labels : ['Arg1', 'Arg1'],
            bgColor: '#7fa2ff',
            borderColor: 'darken'
    },
    {
            type   : 'Arg2',
            labels : ['Arg2', 'Arg2'],
            bgColor: '#9FF781',
            borderColor: 'darken'
    },
    {
            type   : 'Connective',
            labels : ['Con', 'Con'],
            bgColor: '#FA5858',
            borderColor: 'darken'
    }]
};

// Needs to be changed according to JSON
// var docData = {
//     // Our text of choice
//     text     : "blablabla. The snow was heavy. But we kept going. Until the sun came back. more blabla.",
//     // The entities entry holds all entity annotations
//     entities : [
//         /* Format: [${ID}, ${TYPE}, [[${START}, ${END}]]]
//             note that range of the offsets are [${START},${END}) */
//         ['T1', 'Arg1', [[11, 30]]],
//         ['T2', 'Arg2', [[35, 49]]],
//         ['T3', 'Connective', [[31, 34]]],
//         ['T4', 'Arg1', [[31, 49]]],
//         ['T5', 'Arg2', [[56, 74]]],
//         ['T6', 'Connective', [[50, 55]]],
//     ],
//     relations : [
//     // Format: [${ID}, ${TYPE}, [[${ARGNAME}, ${TARGET}], [${ARGNAME}, ${TARGET}]]]
//     ['R1', 'Comparison.Contrast', [['1', 'T1'], ['2', 'T2']]],
//     ['R2', 'Temporal.Asynchronous', [['3', 'T4'], ['4', 'T5']]]
//     ],
// };

// TO DO
var pdtb_senses = {
    "Temporal" : ["Syncronous", "Asynchronous.Precedence", "Asynchronous.Succession"],
    "Contingency" : [],
    "Comparison" : [],
    "Expansion" : ["Conjunction",
                    "Disjunction",
                    "Equivalence",
                    "Instantiation",
                    "Level-of-detail.Arg1-as-detail", "Level-of-detail.Arg2-as-detail",
                    "Substitution.Arg1-as-subst", "Substitution.Arg2-as-subst",
                    "Exception.Arg1-as-excpt", "Exception.Arg1-as-excpt",
                    "Manner.Arg1-as-manner", "Manner.Arg2-as-manner"]};

var pdtb_types = {used: ["Explicit", "Implicit"], unused: ["AltLex", "EntRel", "NoRel"]};

// var docData = {"text": "blablabla. The snow was heavy. But we kept going. Until the sun came back. more blabla.", "entities": [["E1", "Arg1", [[11, 30]]], ["E2", "Arg2", [[35, 49]]], ["E3", "Connective", [[31, 34]]], ["E4", "Arg1", [[31, 49]]], ["E5", "Arg2", [[56, 74]]], ["E6", "Connective", [[50, 55]]]], "relations": [["R1", "Comparison.Contrast", [["1", "E1"], ["2", "E2"]]], ["R2", "Temporal.Asynchronous", [["2", "E4"], ["3", "E5"]]]]};
// var  docData = {"text": "No, it wasn't Black Monday. But while the New York Stock Exchange didn't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos. Some \"circuit breakers\" installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test, traders say, unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures. The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again couldn't handle the selling pressure. Big investment banks refused to step up to the plate to support the beleaguered floor traders by buying big blocks of stock, traders say. Heavy selling of Standard &amp; Poor's 500-stock index futures in Chicago relentlessly beat stocks downward. Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL, AMR, BankAmerica, Walt Disney, Capital Cities/ABC, Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed.\tThe finger-pointing has already begun. \"The equity market was illiquid. Once again {the specialists} were not able to handle the imbalances on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange,\" said Christopher Pedersen, senior vice president at Twenty-First Securities Corp. Countered James Maguire, chairman of specialists Henderson Brothers Inc.: \"It is easy to say the specialist isn't doing his job. When the dollar is in a free-fall, even central banks can't stop it. Speculators are calling for a degree of liquidity that is not there in the market.\" Many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet.\tThen in a lightning plunge, the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year, chalking up a 190.58-point, or 6.9%, loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume. Final-hour trading accelerated to 108.1 million shares, a record for the Big Board. At the end of the day, 251.2 million shares were traded.\tThe Dow Jones industrials closed at 2569.26. The Dow's decline was second in point terms only to the 508-point Black Monday crash that occurred Oct. 19, 1987. In percentage terms, however, the Dow's dive was the 12th-worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83, or 8%, a week after Black Monday. The Dow fell 22.6% on Black Monday. Shares of UAL, the parent of United Airlines, were extremely active all day Friday, reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group. Wall Street's takeover-stock speculators, or \"risk arbitragers,\" had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise. At 2:43 p.m. EDT, came the sickening news: The Big Board was halting trading in UAL, \"pending news.\" On the exchange floor, \"as soon as UAL stopped trading, we braced for a panic,\" said one top floor trader. Several traders could be seen shaking their heads when the news flashed. For weeks, the market had been nervous about takeovers, after Campeau Corp. 's cash crunch spurred concern about the prospects for future highly leveraged takeovers.\tAnd 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group couldn't get financing for its bid. At this point, the Dow was down about 35 points. The market crumbled. Arbitragers couldn't dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every \"rumor\" stock they had. For example, their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group, which closed down 3 7/8 to 41 1/2, Delta Air Lines, which fell 7 3/4 to 69 1/4, and Philips Industries, which sank 3 to 21 1/2. These stocks eventually reopened. But as panic spread, speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses.\tWhen trading was halted in Philip Morris, the stock was trading at 41, down 3 3/8, while IBM closed 5 5/8 lower at 102. Selling snowballed because of waves of automatic \"stop-loss\" orders, which are triggered by computer when prices fall to certain levels.\tMost of the stock selling pressure came from Wall Street professionals, including computer-guided program traders. Traders said most of their major institutional investors, on the other hand, sat tight. Now, at 3:07, one of the market's post-crash \"reforms\" took hold as the S&amp;P 500 futures contract had plunged 12 points, equivalent to around a 100-point drop in the Dow industrials. Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, trading was temporarily halted in Chicago. After the trading halt in the S&amp;P 500 pit in Chicago, waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board, and specialists continued to notch prices down. As a result, the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart. Without the guidepost of stock-index futures -- the barometer of where traders think the overall stock market is headed -- many traders were afraid to trust stock prices quoted on the Big Board.\tThe futures halt was even assailed by Big Board floor traders. \"It screwed things up,\" said one major specialist.\tThis confusion effectively halted one form of program trading, stock index arbitrage, that closely links the futures and stock markets, and has been blamed by some for the market's big swings. (In a stock-index arbitrage sell program, traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference.)\t\"When the airline information came through, it cracked every model we had for the marketplace,\" said a managing director at one of the largest program-trading firms. \"We didn't even get a chance to do the programs we wanted to do.\"\tBut stocks kept falling.\tThe Dow industrials were down 55 points at 3 p.m. before the futures-trading halt.\tAt 3:30 p.m., at the end of the \"cooling off\" period, the average was down 114.76 points.\tMeanwhile, during the the S&amp;P trading halt, S&amp;P futures sell orders began piling up, while stocks in New York kept falling sharply.\tBig Board Chairman John J. Phelan said yesterday the circuit breaker \"worked well mechanically.\tI just think it's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things.\"\tUnder another post-crash system, Big Board President Richard Grasso (Mr.\tPhelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling) was talking on an \"inter-exchange hot line\" to the other exchanges, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board.\tHe camped out at a high-tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board, where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders.\tAt about 3:30 p.m. EDT, S&amp;P futures resumed trading, and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line.\tBuyers stepped in to the futures pit.\tBut the build-up of S&amp;P futures sell orders weighed on the market, and the link with stocks began to fray again.\tAt about 3:45, the S&amp;P market careened to still another limit, of 30 points down, and trading was locked again.\tFutures traders say the S&amp;P was signaling that the Dow could fall as much as 200 points.\tDuring this time, small investors began ringing their brokers, wondering whether another crash had begun.\tAt Prudential-Bache Securities Inc., which is trying to cater to small investors, some demoralized brokers thought this would be the final confidence-crusher.\tThat's when George L. Ball, chairman of the Prudential Insurance Co. of America unit, took to the internal intercom system to declare that the plunge was only \"mechanical.\"\t\"I have a hunch that this particular decline today is something `more ado about less. ' It would be my inclination to advise clients not to sell, to look for an opportunity to buy,\" Mr. Ball told the brokers.\tAt Merrill Lynch &amp; Co., the nation's biggest brokerage firm, a news release was prepared headlined \"Merrill Lynch Comments on Market Drop.\" The release cautioned that \"there are significant differences between the current_check environment and that of October 1987\" and that there are still \"attractive investment opportunities\" in the stock market.\tHowever, Jeffrey B. Lane, president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc., said that Friday's plunge is \"going to set back\" relations with customers, \"because it reinforces the concern of volatility.\tAnd I think a lot of people will harp on program trading.\tIt's going to bring the debate right back to the forefront.\"\tAs the Dow average ground to its final 190.58 loss Friday, the S&amp;P pit stayed locked at its 30-point trading limit.\tJeffrey Yass of program trader Susquehanna Investment Group said 2,000 S&amp;P contracts were for sale on the close, the equivalent of $330 million in stock.\tBut there were no buyers.\tWhile Friday's debacle involved mainly professional traders rather than investors, it left the market vulnerable to continued selling this morning, traders said.\tStock-index futures contracts settled at much lower prices than indexes of the stock market itself.\tAt those levels, stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers, who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall, and simultaneously sell off stocks.\tBut nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today.\tThe de-linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation.\tThe Big Board's Mr. Grasso said, \"Our systemic performance was good.\" But the exchange will \"look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks.\tObviously we'll take a close look at any situation in which we think the dealer-community obligations weren't met,\" he said.\t(See related story: \"Fed Ready to Inject Big Funds\" -- WSJ Oct. 16, 1989)\tBut specialists complain privately that just as in the 1987 crash, the \"upstairs\" firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday's blood-letting.\tMr. Phelan said, \"It will take another day or two\" to analyze who was buying and selling Friday.\t(See related story: \"Fed Is Prepared To Offer Banks Massive Funds\" -- WSJ Oct. 16, 1989)", "entities": [["E1", "Arg1", [[8, 34]]], ["E2", "Arg2", [[42, 238]]], ["E3", "Connective", [[38, 41]]], ["E4", "Arg1", [[38, 41]]], ["E5", "Arg2", [[48, 100]]], ["E6", "Connective", [[42, 47]]], ["E7", "Arg1", [[42, 100]]], ["E8", "Arg2", [[104, 190]]], ["E9", "Connective", [[101, 103]]], ["E10", "Arg1", [[242, 328]]], ["E11", "Arg2", [[404, 456]]], ["E12", "Arg1", [[242, 328]]], ["E13", "Arg2", [[731, 834]]], ["E14", "Arg1", [[1000, 1037]]], ["E15", "Arg2", [[1040, 1266]]], ["E16", "Arg1", [[1040, 1070]]], ["E17", "Arg2", [[1072, 1183]]], ["E18", "Arg1", [[1345, 1397]]], ["E19", "Arg2", [[1399, 1466]]], ["E20", "Arg1", [[1434, 1466]]], ["E21", "Arg2", [[1404, 1432]]], ["E22", "Connective", [[1399, 1403]]], ["E23", "Arg1", [[1399, 1466]]], ["E24", "Arg2", [[1468, 1549]]], ["E25", "Arg1", [[1554, 1665]]], ["E26", "Arg2", [[1677, 1706]]], ["E27", "Connective", [[1669, 1676]]], ["E28", "Arg1", [[1554, 1665]]], ["E29", "Arg2", [[1713, 1913]]], ["E30", "Connective", [[1708, 1712]]], ["E31", "Arg1", [[1708, 1913]]], ["E32", "Arg2", [[1915, 1997]]], ["E33", "Arg1", [[1915, 1997]]], ["E34", "Arg2", [[1999, 2054]]], ["E35", "Arg1", [[1999, 2054]]], ["E36", "Arg2", [[2056, 2099]]], ["E37", "Arg1", [[2103, 2215]]], ["E38", "Arg2", [[2217, 2236]]], ["E39", "Connective", [[2238, 2245]]], ["E40", "Arg1", [[2217, 2365]]], ["E41", "Arg2", [[2367, 2401]]], ["E42", "Arg1", [[2405, 2604]]], ["E43", "Arg2", [[2606, 2757]]], ["E44", "Arg1", [[2703, 2732]]], ["E45", "Arg2", [[2737, 2757]]], ["E46", "Connective", [[2733, 2736]]], ["E47", "Arg1", [[2761, 2859]]], ["E48", "Arg2", [[2862, 2939]]], ["E49", "Arg1", [[2862, 2883]]], ["E50", "Arg2", [[2897, 2916]]], ["E51", "Connective", [[2886, 2896]]], ["E52", "Arg1", [[2862, 2939]]], ["E53", "Arg2", [[2969, 3040]]], ["E54", "Arg1", [[2969, 3018]]], ["E55", "Arg2", [[3024, 3040]]], ["E56", "Connective", [[3019, 3023]]], ["E57", "Arg1", [[3044, 3098]]], ["E58", "Arg2", [[3106, 3208]]], ["E59", "Connective", [[3100, 3105]]], ["E60", "Arg1", [[3044, 3208]]], ["E61", "Arg2", [[3214, 3315]]], ["E62", "Connective", [[3210, 3213]]], ["E63", "Arg1", [[3368, 3387]]], ["E64", "Arg2", [[3389, 3496]]], ["E65", "Arg1", [[3389, 3430]]], ["E66", "Arg2", [[3438, 3496]]], ["E67", "Connective", [[3434, 3437]]], ["E68", "Arg1", [[3434, 3496]]], ["E69", "Arg2", [[3511, 3703]]], ["E70", "Connective", [[3498, 3509]]], ["E71", "Arg1", [[3707, 3739]]], ["E72", "Arg2", [[3745, 3885]]], ["E73", "Connective", [[3741, 3744]]], ["E74", "Arg1", [[3741, 3744]]], ["E75", "Arg2", [[3748, 3760]]], ["E76", "Connective", [[3745, 3747]]], ["E77", "Arg1", [[3741, 3885]]], ["E78", "Arg2", [[3887, 4005]]], ["E79", "Arg1", [[3929, 4005]]], ["E80", "Arg2", [[3892, 3927]]], ["E81", "Connective", [[3887, 3891]]], ["E82", "Arg1", [[3929, 3968]]], ["E83", "Arg2", [[3976, 4005]]], ["E84", "Connective", [[3970, 3975]]], ["E85", "Arg1", [[4078, 4109]]], ["E86", "Arg2", [[4115, 4144]]], ["E87", "Connective", [[4110, 4114]]], ["E88", "Arg1", [[4009, 4144]]], ["E89", "Arg2", [[4146, 4259]]], ["E90", "Arg1", [[4146, 4259]]], ["E91", "Arg2", [[4274, 4317]]], ["E92", "Connective", [[4319, 4336]]], ["E93", "Arg1", [[4351, 4415]]], ["E94", "Arg2", [[4419, 4531]]], ["E95", "Connective", [[4416, 4418]]], ["E96", "Arg1", [[4351, 4531]]], ["E97", "Arg2", [[4533, 4654]]], ["E98", "Arg1", [[4658, 4780]]], ["E99", "Arg2", [[4786, 4828]]], ["E100", "Connective", [[4782, 4785]]], ["E101", "Arg1", [[4658, 4828]]], ["E102", "Arg2", [[4843, 4902]]], ["E103", "Connective", [[4830, 4841]]], ["E104", "Arg1", [[4830, 4902]]], ["E105", "Arg2", [[4904, 5097]]], ["E106", "Arg1", [[4904, 4948]]], ["E107", "Arg2", [[5099, 5160]]], ["E108", "Arg1", [[5099, 5160]]], ["E109", "Arg2", [[5163, 5211]]], ["E110", "Arg1", [[5215, 5406]]], ["E111", "Arg2", [[5409, 5553]]], ["E112", "Arg1", [[5602, 5651]]], ["E113", "Arg2", [[5564, 5600]]], ["E114", "Connective", [[5559, 5563]]], ["E115", "Arg1", [[5559, 5651]]], ["E116", "Arg2", [[5725, 5787]]], ["E117", "Arg1", [[5215, 5406]]], ["E118", "Arg2", [[5796, 5815]]], ["E119", "Connective", [[5792, 5795]]], ["E120", "Arg1", [[5792, 5815]]], ["E121", "Arg2", [[5817, 5898]]], ["E122", "Arg1", [[5817, 5898]]], ["E123", "Arg2", [[5900, 5988]]], ["E124", "Arg1", [[5817, 5988]]], ["E125", "Arg2", [[6001, 6120]]], ["E126", "Connective", [[5990, 5999]]], ["E127", "Arg1", [[5990, 6073]]], ["E128", "Arg2", [[6081, 6120]]], ["E129", "Connective", [[6075, 6080]]], ["E130", "Arg1", [[6173, 6218]]], ["E131", "Arg2", [[6233, 6338]]], ["E132", "Arg1", [[6412, 6444]]], ["E133", "Arg2", [[6448, 6470]]], ["E134", "Connective", [[6445, 6447]]], ["E135", "Arg1", [[6343, 6608]]], ["E136", "Arg2", [[6610, 6746]]], ["E137", "Arg1", [[6750, 6801]]], ["E138", "Arg2", [[6807, 6882]]], ["E139", "Connective", [[6803, 6806]]], ["E140", "Arg1", [[6750, 6882]]], ["E141", "Arg2", [[6884, 6920]]], ["E142", "Arg1", [[6803, 6882]]], ["E143", "Arg2", [[6926, 7033]]], ["E144", "Connective", [[6922, 6925]]], ["E145", "Arg1", [[6922, 6987]]], ["E146", "Arg2", [[6993, 7033]]], ["E147", "Connective", [[6989, 6992]]], ["E148", "Arg1", [[7037, 7117]]], ["E149", "Arg2", [[7123, 7147]]], ["E150", "Connective", [[7119, 7122]]], ["E151", "Arg1", [[7037, 7147]]], ["E152", "Arg2", [[7169, 7236]]], ["E153", "Arg1", [[7240, 7344]]], ["E154", "Arg2", [[7346, 7503]]], ["E155", "Arg1", [[7683, 7766]]], ["E156", "Arg2", [[7770, 7861]]], ["E157", "Arg1", [[7893, 8030]]], ["E158", "Arg2", [[8033, 8235]]], ["E159", "Arg1", [[8055, 8151]]], ["E160", "Arg2", [[8157, 8235]]], ["E161", "Connective", [[8153, 8156]]], ["E162", "Arg1", [[8055, 8235]]], ["E163", "Arg2", [[8312, 8380]]], ["E164", "Connective", [[8239, 8246]]], ["E165", "Arg1", [[8312, 8380]]], ["E166", "Arg2", [[8391, 8430]]], ["E167", "Connective", [[8383, 8390]]], ["E168", "Arg1", [[8312, 8430]]], ["E169", "Arg2", [[8444, 8488]]], ["E170", "Connective", [[8432, 8435]]], ["E171", "Arg1", [[8432, 8488]]], ["E172", "Arg2", [[8490, 8548]]], ["E173", "Arg1", [[8612, 8667]]], ["E174", "Arg2", [[8556, 8610]]], ["E175", "Connective", [[8553, 8555]]], ["E176", "Arg1", [[8553, 8667]]], ["E177", "Arg2", [[8734, 8821]]], ["E178", "Arg1", [[8734, 8821]]], ["E179", "Arg2", [[8827, 8847]]], ["E180", "Connective", [[8823, 8826]]], ["E181", "Arg1", [[8934, 8997]]], ["E182", "Arg2", [[8857, 8932]]], ["E183", "Connective", [[8851, 8856]]], ["E184", "Arg1", [[8934, 8997]]], ["E185", "Arg2", [[9013, 9111]]], ["E186", "Arg1", [[9013, 9111]]], ["E187", "Arg2", [[9113, 9283]]], ["E188", "Arg1", [[9205, 9222]]], ["E189", "Arg2", [[9228, 9247]]], ["E190", "Connective", [[9223, 9227]]], ["E191", "Arg1", [[9205, 9247]]], ["E192", "Arg2", [[9249, 9252]]], ["E193", "Connective", [[9253, 9267]]], ["E194", "Arg1", [[9113, 9183]]], ["E195", "Arg2", [[9289, 9354]]], ["E196", "Connective", [[9285, 9288]]], ["E197", "Arg1", [[9358, 9530]]], ["E198", "Arg2", [[9532, 9599]]], ["E199", "Arg1", [[9566, 9599]]], ["E200", "Arg2", [[9606, 9681]]], ["E201", "Connective", [[9602, 9605]]], ["E202", "Arg1", [[9602, 9681]]], ["E203", "Arg2", [[9683, 9796]]], ["E204", "Arg1", [[9602, 9681]]], ["E205", "Arg2", [[9890, 10109]]], ["E206", "Connective", [[9886, 9889]]], ["E207", "Arg1", [[9886, 10109]]], ["E208", "Arg2", [[10111, 10206]]]], "relations": [["R1", "Comparison.Concession", [["1", "E1"], ["2", "E2"]]], ["R2", "Comparison.Concession", [["2", "E4"], ["3", "E5"]]], ["R3", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["3", "E7"], ["4", "E8"]]], ["R4", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["4", "E10"], ["5", "E11"]]], ["R5", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["5", "E12"], ["6", "E13"]]], ["R6", "Expansion.Instantiation", [["6", "E14"], ["7", "E15"]]], ["R7", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["7", "E16"], ["8", "E17"]]], ["R8", "Comparison.Contrast", [["8", "E18"], ["9", "E19"]]], ["R9", "Contingency.Condition", [["9", "E20"], ["10", "E21"]]], ["R10", "EntRel", [["10", "E23"], ["11", "E24"]]], ["R11", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["11", "E25"], ["12", "E26"]]], ["R12", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Precedence", [["12", "E28"], ["13", "E29"]]], ["R13", "Expansion.Restatement", [["13", "E31"], ["14", "E32"]]], ["R14", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["14", "E33"], ["15", "E34"]]], ["R15", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["15", "E35"], ["16", "E36"]]], ["R16", "Comparison.Contrast", [["16", "E37"], ["17", "E38"]]], ["R17", "Comparison.Contrast", [["17", "E40"], ["18", "E41"]]], ["R18", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Succession", [["18", "E42"], ["19", "E43"]]], ["R19", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["19", "E44"], ["20", "E45"]]], ["R20", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["20", "E47"], ["21", "E48"]]], ["R21", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Succession", [["21", "E49"], ["22", "E50"]]], ["R22", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["22", "E52"], ["23", "E53"]]], ["R23", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["23", "E54"], ["24", "E55"]]], ["R24", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Succession", [["24", "E57"], ["25", "E58"]]], ["R25", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["25", "E60"], ["26", "E61"]]], ["R26", "Expansion.Instantiation", [["26", "E63"], ["27", "E64"]]], ["R27", "Comparison.Contrast", [["27", "E65"], ["28", "E66"]]], ["R28", "Expansion.Instantiation", [["28", "E68"], ["29", "E69"]]], ["R29", "Comparison.Contrast", [["29", "E71"], ["30", "E72"]]], ["R30", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["30", "E74"], ["31", "E75"]]], ["R31", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["31", "E77"], ["32", "E78"]]], ["R32", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["32", "E79"], ["33", "E80"]]], ["R33", "Comparison.Contrast", [["33", "E82"], ["34", "E83"]]], ["R34", "Contingency.Condition", [["34", "E85"], ["35", "E86"]]], ["R35", "Expansion.Restatement", [["35", "E88"], ["36", "E89"]]], ["R36", "Comparison.Contrast", [["36", "E90"], ["37", "E91"]]], ["R37", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Succession", [["37", "E93"], ["38", "E94"]]], ["R38", "Expansion.Restatement", [["38", "E96"], ["39", "E97"]]], ["R39", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["39", "E98"], ["40", "E99"]]], ["R40", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["40", "E101"], ["41", "E102"]]], ["R41", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Precedence", [["41", "E104"], ["42", "E105"]]], ["R42", "Expansion.Restatement", [["42", "E106"], ["43", "E107"]]], ["R43", "Expansion.Instantiation", [["43", "E108"], ["44", "E109"]]], ["R44", "EntRel", [["44", "E110"], ["45", "E111"]]], ["R45", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Succession", [["45", "E112"], ["46", "E113"]]], ["R46", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["46", "E115"], ["47", "E116"]]], ["R47", "Comparison.Contrast", [["47", "E117"], ["48", "E118"]]], ["R48", "Expansion.Instantiation", [["48", "E120"], ["49", "E121"]]], ["R49", "Comparison.Contrast", [["49", "E122"], ["50", "E123"]]], ["R50", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["50", "E124"], ["51", "E125"]]], ["R51", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["51", "E127"], ["52", "E128"]]], ["R52", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["52", "E130"], ["53", "E131"]]], ["R53", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["53", "E132"], ["54", "E133"]]], ["R54", "EntRel", [["54", "E135"], ["55", "E136"]]], ["R55", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["55", "E137"], ["56", "E138"]]], ["R56", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["56", "E140"], ["57", "E141"]]], ["R57", "Comparison.Contrast", [["57", "E142"], ["58", "E143"]]], ["R58", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["58", "E145"], ["59", "E146"]]], ["R59", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["59", "E148"], ["60", "E149"]]], ["R60", "Expansion.Restatement", [["60", "E151"], ["61", "E152"]]], ["R61", "EntRel", [["61", "E153"], ["62", "E154"]]], ["R62", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["62", "E155"], ["63", "E156"]]], ["R63", "Expansion.Restatement", [["63", "E157"], ["64", "E158"]]], ["R64", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["64", "E159"], ["65", "E160"]]], ["R65", "Comparison.Contrast", [["65", "E162"], ["66", "E163"]]], ["R66", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["66", "E165"], ["67", "E166"]]], ["R67", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["67", "E168"], ["68", "E169"]]], ["R68", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["68", "E171"], ["69", "E172"]]], ["R69", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["69", "E173"], ["70", "E174"]]], ["R70", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["70", "E176"], ["71", "E177"]]], ["R71", "Comparison.Contrast", [["71", "E178"], ["72", "E179"]]], ["R72", "Comparison.Concession", [["72", "E181"], ["73", "E182"]]], ["R73", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["73", "E184"], ["74", "E185"]]], ["R74", "Comparison.Contrast", [["74", "E186"], ["75", "E187"]]], ["R75", "Temporal.Asynchronous.Succession", [["75", "E188"], ["76", "E189"]]], ["R76", "Temporal.Synchrony", [["76", "E191"], ["77", "E192"]]], ["R77", "Comparison.Contrast", [["77", "E194"], ["78", "E195"]]], ["R78", "EntRel", [["78", "E197"], ["79", "E198"]]], ["R79", "Comparison.Contrast", [["79", "E199"], ["80", "E200"]]], ["R80", "Expansion.Restatement", [["80", "E202"], ["81", "E203"]]], ["R81", "Comparison.Contrast", [["81", "E204"], ["82", "E205"]]], ["R82", "Comparison.Contrast", [["82", "E207"], ["83", "E208"]]]]}
// var relations = [["R1", "Expansion.Disjunction", [["1", "E1"], ["2", "E2"]]], ["R2", "Contingency.Condition.Arg2-as-cond", [["2", "E4"], ["3", "E5"]]], ["R3", "Comparison.Concession.Arg2-as-denier", [["3", "E7"], ["4", "E8"]]], ["R4", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["4", "E10"], ["5", "E11"]]], ["R5", "Expansion.Disjunction", [["5", "E13"], ["6", "E14"]]], ["R6", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["6", "E16"], ["7", "E17"]]], ["R7", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["7", "E18"], ["8", "E19"]]], ["R8", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["8", "E20"], ["9", "E21"]]], ["R9", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["9", "E22"], ["10", "E23"]]], ["R10", "Expansion.Level-of-detail.Arg2-as-detail", [["10", "E24"], ["11", "E25"]]], ["R11", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["11", "E26"], ["12", "E27"]]], ["R12", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["12", "E28"], ["13", "E29"]]], ["R13", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["13", "E30"], ["14", "E31"]]]];
// var docData = {"text": "Es d\u00fcrfte derzeit schwer zu vermitteln sein , weshalb ein Ressort pauschal von k\u00fcnftigen Einsparungen ausgenommen werden soll auf Kosten der anderen . Reiches Ministerkollegen werden mit Argusaugen dar\u00fcber wachen , dass das Konzept wasserdicht ist . Tats\u00e4chlich gibt es noch etliche offene Fragen . So ist etwa unklar , wer Abfindungen erhalten soll , oder was passiert , wenn zu wenig Lehrer die Angebote des vorzeitigen Ausstiegs nutzen . Dennoch gibt es zu Reiches Personalpapier eigentlich keine Alternative . Das Land hat k\u00fcnftig zu wenig Arbeit f\u00fcr zu viele P\u00e4dagogen . Und die Zeit dr\u00e4ngt . Der gro\u00dfe Einbruch der Sch\u00fclerzahlen an den weiterf\u00fchrenden Schulen beginnt bereits im Herbst 2003 . Die Regierung muss sich entscheiden , und zwar schnell . Entweder sparen um jeden Preis oder Priorit\u00e4t f\u00fcr die Bildung .",
//     "entities": [["E1", "Arg1", [[439, 440]]], ["E2", "Arg2", [[357, 438]]], ["E3", "Connective", [[352, 356]]], ["E4", "Arg1", [[439, 440]]], ["E5", "Arg2", [[377, 438]]], ["E6", "Connective", [[372, 376]]], ["E7", "Arg1", [[299, 440]]], ["E8", "Arg2", [[449, 513]]], ["E9", "Connective", [[441, 448]]], ["E10", "Arg1", [[441, 513]]], ["E11", "Arg2", [[580, 597]]], ["E12", "Connective", [[576, 579]]], ["E13", "Arg1", [[765, 786]]], ["E14", "Arg2", [[792, 819]]], ["E15", "Connective", [[756, 764], [787, 791]]], ["E16", "Arg1", [[0, 150]]], ["E17", "Arg2", [[151, 249]]], ["E18", "Arg1", [[151, 249]]], ["E19", "Arg2", [[250, 298]]], ["E20", "Arg1", [[250, 298]]], ["E21", "Arg2", [[299, 440]]], ["E22", "Arg1", [[441, 513]]], ["E23", "Arg2", [[514, 575]]], ["E24", "Arg1", [[514, 575]]], ["E25", "Arg2", [[576, 597]]], ["E26", "Arg1", [[576, 597]]], ["E27", "Arg2", [[598, 698]]], ["E28", "Arg1", [[598, 698]]], ["E29", "Arg2", [[699, 755]]], ["E30", "Arg1", [[699, 755]]], ["E31", "Arg2", [[756, 819]]]],
//     "relations" : relations};
var docData_complete = {"text": "Es d\u00fcrfte derzeit schwer zu vermitteln sein , weshalb ein Ressort pauschal von k\u00fcnftigen Einsparungen ausgenommen werden soll auf Kosten der anderen . Reiches Ministerkollegen werden mit Argusaugen dar\u00fcber wachen , dass das Konzept wasserdicht ist . Tats\u00e4chlich gibt es noch etliche offene Fragen . So ist etwa unklar , wer Abfindungen erhalten soll , oder was passiert , wenn zu wenig Lehrer die Angebote des vorzeitigen Ausstiegs nutzen . Dennoch gibt es zu Reiches Personalpapier eigentlich keine Alternative . Das Land hat k\u00fcnftig zu wenig Arbeit f\u00fcr zu viele P\u00e4dagogen . Und die Zeit dr\u00e4ngt . Der gro\u00dfe Einbruch der Sch\u00fclerzahlen an den weiterf\u00fchrenden Schulen beginnt bereits im Herbst 2003 . Die Regierung muss sich entscheiden , und zwar schnell . Entweder sparen um jeden Preis oder Priorit\u00e4t f\u00fcr die Bildung .", "entities": [["E1", "Arg1", [[439, 440]]], ["E2", "Arg2", [[357, 438]]], ["E3", "Connective", [[352, 356]]], ["E4", "Arg1", [[439, 440]]], ["E5", "Arg2", [[377, 438]]], ["E6", "Connective", [[372, 376]]], ["E7", "Arg1", [[299, 440]]], ["E8", "Arg2", [[449, 513]]], ["E9", "Connective", [[441, 448]]], ["E10", "Arg1", [[441, 513]]], ["E11", "Arg2", [[580, 597]]], ["E12", "Connective", [[576, 579]]], ["E13", "Arg1", [[765, 786]]], ["E14", "Arg2", [[792, 819]]], ["E15", "Connective", [[756, 764], [787, 791]]], ["E16", "Arg1", [[0, 150]]], ["E17", "Arg2", [[151, 249]]], ["E18", "Arg1", [[151, 249]]], ["E19", "Arg2", [[250, 298]]], ["E20", "Arg1", [[250, 298]]], ["E21", "Arg2", [[299, 440]]], ["E22", "Arg1", [[441, 513]]], ["E23", "Arg2", [[514, 575]]], ["E24", "Arg1", [[514, 575]]], ["E25", "Arg2", [[576, 597]]], ["E26", "Arg1", [[576, 597]]], ["E27", "Arg2", [[598, 698]]], ["E28", "Arg1", [[598, 698]]], ["E29", "Arg2", [[699, 755]]], ["E30", "Arg1", [[699, 755]]], ["E31", "Arg2", [[756, 819]]]], "relations": [["R1", "Expansion.Disjunction", [["1", "E1"], ["2", "E2"]]], ["R2", "Contingency.Condition.Arg2-as-cond", [["2", "E4"], ["3", "E5"]]], ["R3", "Comparison.Concession.Arg2-as-denier", [["3", "E7"], ["4", "E8"]]], ["R4", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["4", "E10"], ["5", "E11"]]], ["R5", "Expansion.Disjunction", [["5", "E13"], ["6", "E14"]]], ["R6", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["6", "E16"], ["7", "E17"]]], ["R7", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["7", "E18"], ["8", "E19"]]], ["R8", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["8", "E20"], ["9", "E21"]]], ["R9", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["9", "E22"], ["10", "E23"]]], ["R10", "Expansion.Level-of-detail.Arg2-as-detail", [["10", "E24"], ["11", "E25"]]], ["R11", "Contingency.Cause.Reason", [["11", "E26"], ["12", "E27"]]], ["R12", "Contingency.Cause.Result", [["12", "E28"], ["13", "E29"]]], ["R13", "Expansion.Conjunction", [["13", "E30"], ["14", "E31"]]]]};
var docData = {"text": "Es d\u00fcrfte derzeit schwer zu vermitteln sein , weshalb ein Ressort pauschal von k\u00fcnftigen Einsparungen ausgenommen werden soll auf Kosten der anderen . Reiches Ministerkollegen werden mit Argusaugen dar\u00fcber wachen , dass das Konzept wasserdicht ist . Tats\u00e4chlich gibt es noch etliche offene Fragen . So ist etwa unklar , wer Abfindungen erhalten soll , oder was passiert , wenn zu wenig Lehrer die Angebote des vorzeitigen Ausstiegs nutzen . Dennoch gibt es zu Reiches Personalpapier eigentlich keine Alternative . Das Land hat k\u00fcnftig zu wenig Arbeit f\u00fcr zu viele P\u00e4dagogen . Und die Zeit dr\u00e4ngt . Der gro\u00dfe Einbruch der Sch\u00fclerzahlen an den weiterf\u00fchrenden Schulen beginnt bereits im Herbst 2003 . Die Regierung muss sich entscheiden , und zwar schnell . Entweder sparen um jeden Preis oder Priorit\u00e4t f\u00fcr die Bildung .", "entities": [], "relations" : []};

// VARIANTS TO LOAD JSON
///////////////////////////////////////////////////
//  $.getJSON('http://localhost:8000/PhdPlayground/pypeline/converted.json', function(response) {
//     docData = response;
// });

// var fs = require("fs");
// var text = fs.readFileSync("./converted.txt", "utf-8");
// var textByLine = text.split("\n")

// var converted = null;
// $.getJSON('converted.json', data, function(result)
// {
//     converted = result;
// });

// request.open('GET', 'converted.json', true);
//
// request.onload = function() {
//   // begin accessing JSON data here
//   var data = this.response;
//
// };
//
// request.send()
// fetch("converted.json")
//     .then(response => response.json())
//     .then(json => console.log(json));
//     var parsed = "";
///////////////////////////////////////////////////


// Get types and senses into arrays
///////////////////////////////////////////////////
var types = [];
for (let value of Object.values(pdtb_types.used)) {
    types.push(value);
}

var senses = [];
for (let key of Object.keys(pdtb_senses)) {
    senses.push(key);
}
///////////////////////////////////////////////////


// Part of chechboxes
///////////////////////////////////////////////////
var current_check = {"relations" : [], "entities" : []};

function pick_current_check(id){

var counter = 0;
for (let value of Object.values(docData_complete.relations)) {
  if (value !== undefined) {
      var sense = value[1].split(".")[0];
      // console.log(sense);
      var label = document.getElementById(id).nextElementSibling.textContent.replace(/\s/g, '');
      // var label = document.getElementById(id).textContent.replace(/\s/g, '');
      console.log(label);

      // If sense NOT checked
      if (sense === label) {
          // console.log(label, sense);

          // Get relation deleted : "R1"..."RN"
          var relation_sense_number = Object.values(docData_complete.relations[counter])[0];
          var args = [];
          //
          //Get the needed relation that needes to be
          if (docData_complete.relations[counter].indexOf(relation_sense_number) >= 0) {
              //             // console.log(value);
              const index = docData_complete.relations.indexOf(value);

              // Get entities for selected sense relation
              for (let arg of docData_complete.relations[index][2]) {
                  for (let value of Object.values(docData_complete.entities)) {
                      if (arg[1] === value[0]) {
                          console.log(value);
                          // Push entity for the selected sense
                          current_check.entities.push(value)
                          // docData.entities.push(value);
                      }
                  }
              }
              // Push relation of selected sense
              // docData.relations.push(docData_complete.relations[index]);
              current_check.relations.push(docData_complete.relations[index]);
          }

          counter += 1
      }
  }
}}

// var diff = require('deep-diff');
// var differences = diff(docData, docData_complete);
// console.log(differences);


function myFunction2(id) {
    // console.log(id);
    // console.log(document.getElementById(id).nextElementSibling.textContent);
    // id = "contingency";
  //   console.log(id);
  //   var checkBox = document.getElementById(id);
  //   //   console.log(checkBox);
  //   console.log((checkBox.checked === true));
  //   if (checkBox.checked === true) {
  //     pick_current_check();
  //     location.reload();
  //
  // // } else {
  // //    checkBox.style.display = "blocked";
  // // }

    document.getElementById(id).onclick = function() {
    // access properties using this keyword
    if (this.checked) {
        pick_current_check(id);
        // console.log(current_check);
        docData = $.extend({}, docData, current_check);
        console.log(docData);
        // location.reload();
        $("#anno").load("#anno > *");

    }
    // else {
    //     // location.reload();
    //     $("#anno").load("#anno > *");
    // }

}}

// console.log(pick_current_check());

// var counter = 0;
// for (let value of Object.values(docData_complete.relations)) {
//     if (value !== undefined){
//         var sense = value[1].split(".")[0];
//         // console.log(sense);
//         var label = document.getElementById("expansion").textContent.replace(/\s/g, '');
//         // console.log(label);
//
//         // If sense NOT checked
//         if (sense === label) {
//             // console.log(label, sense);
//
//             // Get relation deleted : "R1"..."RN"
//             var relation_sense_number = Object.values(docData_complete.relations[counter])[0];
//             var args = [];
//     //
//             //Get the needed relation that needes to be
//             if (docData_complete.relations[counter].indexOf(relation_sense_number) >= 0) {
//     //             // console.log(value);
//                 const index = docData_complete.relations.indexOf(value);
//
//                 // Get entities for selected sense relation
//                 for (let arg of docData_complete.relations[index][2]) {
//                     for (let value of Object.values(docData_complete.entities)) {
//                         if (arg[1] === value[0]){
//                             console.log(value);
//                             // Push entity for the selected sense
//                             docData.entities.push(value);
//
//                         }
//
//                     }
//
//                 }
//                 // Push relation of selected sense
//                 docData.relations.push(docData_complete.relations[index]);
//             }
//
//             counter += 1
//         }
//     }
// }
// console.log(docData.relations.length);
// console.log(docData.relations);

///////////////////////////////////////////////////

// LOADER
///////////////////////////////////////////////////

var myVar;
function myFunction() {
  myVar = setTimeout(showPage, 5000);
}

function showPage() {
  document.getElementById("loader").style.display = "none";
  document.getElementById("myDiv").style.display = "block";
}
///////////////////////////////////////////////////


</script>
</body>
</html>
